An local news has reported that there was a modern plane of the future looking like that has crashed in the open area in the forest, we received several airport reports that there is something in the air that's not registered on the platform etc delta, amercian airlines and more.

The people at the "Metropan town area" has noticed that it used Windows 11 system's to import that were used to help navigate, control, and monitor the system status. It was being built near a rural farm that was used to create. The plane wings were made out of wood, but painted over it along with some wires, and it can drive on a normal road, shown it looked like a driveable Hybrid RV/Bus that can turn into a plane by expanding the wings from its sides and increased the exhaust speeds with compressed air for safety. That was all they know.

On the crash, multiple scientists and engineers, along with ambulance, firefighters and police had arrived to the crash. There was one claimed death it seems. An 17 year old black afrcian american had flew the plane was bleeding everywhere, massives cuts on foreheads and arms, and bruises on tursos and back. The firefights have put the fire out, and the engineers and scientists and news reporter got closer. The engineers have inspected each part of the broken shards and systems that had exploded during the crash and they found somthing that wasn't even burnt or destoryed, the motherboard seemed to be partly damaged, there was a loose intel core i7 8750H plugged up with the massive 9 fans on the back bottom of the plane. Taking that specific processor in the labs. Not only that, they have found a SD card worth 1TB still plugged into one of the passenger seats. They took it out with gloves and placed them in a ziplock bag for investigation.

The engineers have inspected the plane architecture and it seems it was NOT built very well, depending how the plane was mostly built with poor quality materials. They assumed that the processor and controls and the plane builds were NOT powerful enough, well, we have some witness from the ground recording the plane in mid-air, but one of the plane wings snapped in half and the plane was quickly into flames.
